I heard you were seriously injured.
You're refreshed so soon.
Thanks to you for letting Sister Xi take good care of it
And the purple golden egg given by the prince
It seems he treats you well
Hit the target and choke at every turn
That's not bad.
OK
Much better.
Hit a hanging bottle, okay, it's faster, horsepower first
Oops, can't wait to chop off your head
No matter how you get hurt, you must listen to the truth
Fighted by war
What happened?
no.
So you're accusing my grandson?
I'll fight you regardless of the war
I am not me
My move caused trouble
The Supreme Emperor Princess is not good
The prince is pregnant
The prince produces red feathers in the evening
Seriously injured
Once without Fuxi or King Qi
I only got over after sending the dead list.
Feather clothes said that the lotion has been running a high fever
At the expense of weakness
He vomited blood twice
The feathers say it's hopeless
Chu went to save him
Save him, I'll do whatever you want